Update Codegen Docs (#3974)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/new-architecture-library-intro.md

- The `name` field is the name of the library.
- The `type` field is used to identify the type of module we want to create. We suggest keeping `all` to support libraries that contain both Turbo Native Module and Fabric Native Components.
- The `jsSrcsDir` is the directory where the codegen will start looking for JavaScript specs.

> - The `outputDir` this is the output directory for the generated code. Can be defined in a platform-independent way, like `"outputDir": "universal/generated"`, or per-platform as in the example above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `outputDir` field is the output directory for the generated code. It can be defined in a platform-independent way, like `"outputDir": "universal/generated"`, or per-platform as in the example above.
```

> - The `includesGeneratedCode` this field tells the codegen wether this library include generated files. If `true`, the codegen will not run for this library during the app build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `includesGeneratedCode` field tells the Codegen whether this library include generated files. If `true`, the Codegen will not run for this library during the app build.
```
